Apply style guide updates to channels content (#888)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/channels/channels-overview.md

# BigCommerce Channels Overview

<!-- https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/guide/overview -->

## On this page

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

> - [BigCommerce Channels Overview](#bigcommerce-channels-overview)

Reviewer: I think the On this page section for this article needs to be reworked. It should not include subheaders such as "Discovery" or "Display".

Using BigCommerce's [Channels Toolkit](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/channels-toolkit-reference), any BigCommerce [partner](https://www.bigcommerce.com/partners/) can create and list a sales channel app on BigCommerce's [App Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/) for any merchant to install. Additionally, approved apps developed by [select partners](https://www.bigcommerce.com/partners/) are marketed and discoverable from within the Channel Manager in every BigCommerce store's control panel.

This article provides a high-level overview of channels and channel apps on BigCommerce and introduces BigCommerce's channels toolkit. For an in-depth technical guide to developing BigCommerce sales channel apps, see [Building Channel Apps](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/building-channel-apps).

> ## Channels toolkit

Reviewer: Since it is the official name of this tool, we can keep Channels Toolkit.
```suggestion
## Channels Toolkit
```

For a comprehensive list of channel app development tools, see the [Channels Toolkit Reference](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/channels-toolkit-reference).

## Channel apps

BigCommerce channel apps allow merchants to list products on external sales channels like point-of-sale devices, online marketplaces, marketing platforms, and social networking sites. Using BigCommerce's [Channels Toolkit](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/channels-toolkit-reference), developers can create channel apps that integrate with virtually any platform. Once published and approved, these apps are discoverable on [BigCommerce's App Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/) for merchants to install. Additionally, approved apps developed by [select partners](https://www.bigcommerce.com/partners/) are marketed within the Channel Manager in every BigCommerce store's control panel.

### Discovery

> Merchants discover channel apps either through the [Apps Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/) or

Reviewer: We should keep the sentence intact and add the image below it.
```suggestion
Merchants discover channel apps either through the [Apps Marketplace](https://www.bigcommerce.com/apps/) or through the Channel Manager (select partners).
```

![App Marketplace](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-marketplace.png "App Marketplace")

through the Channel Manager (select partners).

![Channel Manager](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-create-new-all-types.png "Channel Manager")

### Display

> How do channels show up in Channel Manager? Our goal is to make it as easy as possible for merchants to manage and scale up their sales channels. As a result, we've made it possible for merchants to manage any of their sales channels, regardless of where they are marketed and discoverable, from a single source - the Channel Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to make it as easy as possible for merchants to manage and scale up their sales channels. As a result, we have made it possible for merchants to manage any of their sales channels, regardless of where they are marketed and discoverable, from a single source - the Channel Manager.
```

We enable this through our Channels API endpoints:
* Allowing any  app that is granted permission by the merchant during install process to create a channel.
* After an app creates a channel, the channel they create appears in the list of connected channels on the main manage screen of Channel Manager.

![Channels in Channel Manager](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-channel-overview.png "Channels in Channel Manager")
- Allowing any app that is granted permission by the merchant during the install process to create a channel.
- After an app creates a channel, the channel they create appears in the list of connected channels on the main manage screen of Channel Manager.

<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">
![Channels in Channel Manager](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-channel-overview.png "Channels in Channel Manager")

<!-- theme: info -->

> ### Note

Reviewer: We should keep the HTML format.

> * For Channel Apps that are strategically approved ([select partners](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/partner/becoming-a-partner)), the app appears as an option when adding a new channel. This starts the app install process.

</div>
</div>
</div>
> **Note**
>
> - BigCommerce has control of which platforms and types are available to create. It is currently a manual process to add new platforms. A channel instance can be only 1 type; however, a channel app can register multiple different channels.
>
> - For channel apps that are strategically approved ([select partners](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/partner/becoming-a-partner)), the app appears as an option when adding a new channel. This starts the app install process.

### Management

Once installed, merchants manage channel apps via Channel Manager in the control panel. This includes status and key channel settings surfaced by channel apps via Channels API endpoints.

![Edit Channel Settings](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-edit-settings.png "Edit Channel Settings")

> <div class="HubBlock--callout">

Reviewer: We should keep the HTML format.

> On the view products page, merchants can list products on any installed channel that supports per-product listing capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the **View Products** page, merchants can list products on any installed channel that supports per-product listing capabilities.
```

<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">

> **Note**
>
> Apps provided by partners who don't use the Channel API will only appear in the App Marketplace and **My Apps**.

</div>
</div>
</div>

On the view products page, Merchants can list products on any installed channel that supports per-product listing capabilities.
On the view products page, merchants can list products on any installed channel that supports per-product listing capabilities.

![List Product](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-view-products.png "List Product")

Merchants can also list products from the product edit page.

![Manage Channel Assignment](https://storage.googleapis.com/bigcommerce-production-dev-center/images/channels/channels-all-assignments.png "Manage Channel Assignment")

> <div class="HubBlock--callout">

Reviewer: We should keep the HTML format.

> - More seamless integration within the BigCommerce control panel that looks and feels native due to following BC patterns and being more deeply integrated within core parts of the BC control panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- More seamless integration within the BigCommerce control panel that looks and feels native due to following  BigCommerce patterns and being more deeply integrated within core parts of the BC control panel
```

<div class="otp" id="no-index">

>  - [Channels toolkit](#channels-toolkit)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [Channels Toolkit](#channels-toolkit)
```

> This article provides a high-level overview of channels and channel apps on BigCommerce and introduces BigCommerce's channels toolkit. For an in-depth technical guide to developing BigCommerce sales channel apps, see [Building Channel Apps](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/building-channel-apps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This article provides a high-level overview of channels and channel apps on BigCommerce and introduces BigCommerce's Channels Toolkit. For an in-depth technical guide to developing BigCommerce sales channel apps, see [Building Channel Apps](https://developer.bigcommerce.com/api-docs/channels/building-channel-apps).
```
